In 2025, Dom Development S.A. was subject to the corporate governance principles adopted by the Warsaw Stock Exchange Supervisory Board on 29 March 2021 under Resolution No. 13/1834/2021, the “Best Practice for GPW Listed Companies 2021” (“DPSN 2021”). The Management Board and Supervisory Board adopted DPSN 2021 with stated exclusions. The Company did not apply principle 1.4.2 in 2025; that rule requires ESG strategy disclosures to present the pay equality ratio, calculated as the percentage difference between average monthly remuneration of women and men, including bonuses, awards and other allowances for the last year, and to disclose actions to eliminate possible inequalities, related risks and the planned time horizon for achieving equality. Since the 2022 report, the Company has published a consolidated sustainability report (ESG) including the pay equality indicator. From 1 March 2025, the Company has applied principle 2.2 to Management Board members; this rule requires decision-makers selecting management or supervisory board members to ensure diversity, including a target minimum minority share of at least 30% under the diversity policy referred to in principle 2.1. Women currently represent 40% of the 5-member Management Board, with 2 women serving, while women represented over 40% of the Supervisory Board in 2025. The Company did not apply principle 4.13 concerning resolutions on new share issues excluding pre-emptive rights while granting selected shareholders or other entities priority rights to subscribe for the new shares; the principle allows such resolutions only where there is a rational, economically justified urgent capital need or economically justified transactions such as merger or acquisition, or where shares are to be subscribed under an incentive programme, the priority beneficiaries are identified by objective general criteria, and the subscription price has a rational relationship to current market quotations or is set through a market bookbuilding process. Dom Development does not apply this principle to new share issue resolutions excluding pre-emptive rights that arise from its Management Option Programmes, which are intended to provide effective tools and mechanisms motivating key management personnel to actions supporting long-term value growth of both the Company and the Dom Development S.A. Group, and under which the share price is pre-determined by the General Meeting. The Company also did not apply principle 6.3, under which, if a management option programme is an incentive programme, option exercise should depend on eligible persons meeting pre-defined, realistic and appropriate financial, non-financial and sustainability targets over at least 3 years, and the acquisition or option settlement price should not differ from the share value from the programme adoption period. The Company currently operates no option programmes; execution of the last two management option programmes ended before 2025. One programme limited exercised options to 20% of all shares exercisable under the programme in each calendar year over the five years following the programme adoption, while the second limited exercised options to 20% of all shares exercisable under that programme in each calendar year over the five years starting from the year of adoption. Unexercised options under both programmes could be exercised later, but no later than the end of the year in which 10 years of the given programme elapsed. In the Management Board’s assessment, dividing granted options into 5 tranches with exercise starting at 12-month intervals is an alternative to DPSN 2021 principle 6.3 for linking Management Board remuneration with the Company’s long-term business and financial objectives. The option programme structure was designed to link remuneration of key management personnel with shareholder value growth for at least 5 years; immediate exercise of individual tranches reflected the developer-sector specificity of high cyclicality and the risk of temporary disconnection between the share price and the Company’s actual quality and operating effectiveness. The DPSN 2021 principles are available at https://www.gpw.pl/pub/GPW/files/PDF/dobre_praktyki /DPSN21_BROSZURA.pdf, and the Company published information on its application of DPSN 2021 recommendations and principles at https://inwestor.domd.pl/pl/lad korporacyjny. Under DPSN 2021 principle 1.5, the Group incurred charitable activity expenditure in 2025 totalling 4.1M PLN: 1.1M PLN for social organisations, 2.7M PLN for charitable institutions, including 2.3M PLN supporting people affected by the war in Ukraine, and 0.3M PLN for culture and art. In 2025, Dom Development S.A. complied with the principles published in the Code of Good Practice of the Polish Association of Developers (Polski Związek Firm Deweloperskich), did not depart from any principles indicated in that Code, and stated that the Code is publicly available at http://www.warszawa.pzfd.pl/strefa klienta/kodeks - dobrych praktyk.
