XTB Group 2025 carbon-footprint methodology excerpt covers Scope 2 and Scope 3 calculation assumptions, data gaps, exclusions and selected emissions metrics. For Scope 2 electricity, average country emission factors include transmission losses which, under the GHG Protocol, should be reported in Scope 3 Category 3, but separation of electricity transmission losses was not possible, so they were included in Scope 2 calculations. Because no other information was available from electricity suppliers, transmission losses were assumed to be already embedded in supplier emission factors; therefore direct emissions from transmission losses were not counted again in Scope 3 Category 3. For district heat, some XTB Group locations had no heat consumption because of the nature of premises, air-conditioning use, climate-related absence of heating or missing data; where data were missing, 2025 district-heat consumption was estimated from 01.06-31.12.2024 data by deriving one-month consumption and multiplying by twelve. Where the district-heat supplier name was unavailable, country-level location-based factors were used. Due to missing data from district-heat suppliers and the Polish national factor on greenhouse gases other than CO2, both market-based and location-based district-heat emissions included only CO2. The average Polish district-heat emission factor includes transmission losses which, under the GHG Protocol, should be reported in Scope 3 Category 3, but emissions from district-heat transmission losses could not be separated and therefore were included in Scope 2; because no other information was available from the Polish district-heat supplier, transmission-loss emissions were assumed to be already included. Scope 3 Category 2 calculation-method distribution covered 1,930 fixed assets: EPD cards for 1,184 assets, 61% of assets, generated 218,220.86 kg CO2e/year, 14% of emissions; average per-device emission factors for 611 assets, 32% of assets, generated 82,815.78 kg CO2e/year, 5% of emissions; spend-based method for 135 assets, 7% of assets, generated 1,267,596.49 kg CO2e/year, 81% of emissions. Scope 3 Category 3, energy- and fuel-related emissions not included in Scope 1 and 2, was calculated using the location-based method. For electricity in Category 3, only CO2 was used in national average factors because data on non-CO2 greenhouse-gas emissions were unavailable. Supplier and national information was assumed to already include transmission losses in GHG emission factors, so greenhouse-gas emissions connected with transmission losses were included in Scope 2; direct GHG emissions from fuel combustion for electricity generation used to cover transmission losses were excluded from Scope 3 Category 3 to avoid double counting. Because EMBER national electricity emission factors include life-cycle emissions of generated electricity, no formal cut-off point was applied for excluding expenditure, although selected purchasing categories with no more than 5% share of total expenditure were excluded from analysis. Amounts relating to transport of purchased materials and products could not be separated and were therefore included in this Scope 3 category. Scope 3 Category 1 purchased goods and services included water consumption; some XTB Group locations had no water consumption because of the nature of premises or lacked data, and missing consumption was estimated from available archival data or data for other branches and companies by calculating total water consumption per employee and multiplying by the number of employees in the unit. Scope 3 Category 2 capital goods calculations were based on fixed-asset statements prepared by accountants of individual companies and branches; emissions for 61% of fixed assets were calculated using manufacturers’ EPD cards, up 14 p.p. year on year, 32% using average per-device emission factors, up 7 p.p. year on year, and the remaining 7% using the spend-based method, down 21 p.p. year on year. For WTT emissions from transmission losses, Germany used loss-volume information from Umweltbundesamt and France used loss-volume information from FENEDE. Scope 3 Category 4 upstream transport and distribution partly used data supplied by companies and cost-account data; consequently, the reported amounts were not always net amounts as required by the GHG Protocol. Due to lack of information on the country of origin of purchased products, emission factors were matched to the country of operation of the company or branch using the Exiobase database. Scope 3 Category 5 waste generated in operations assumed, for all branches and companies of XTB S.A., that wastewater production equals water consumption reported in Scope 3 Category 1 of the 2025 carbon footprint of the XTB S.A. Capital Group. Some XTB Group locations had no wastewater and waste generation because of the nature of the properties. GHG emission factors for waste disposal through storage/landfill include collection, transport and landfill GHG emissions, while other disposal methods consider only transport emissions. Where e-waste and municipal-waste quantities were given in litres, m3 or number of containers with container-volume information, they were converted to kilograms using waste-density data from The Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA).
